WIP: PBS-to-Slurm adaptation (#306)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/leuven/tier2_hardware/mfa_login.rst

    and uploading files from here does not work without the agent. If you would 
    like to use the file explorer, have a look at :ref:`Authentication with an ssh agent<mfa_agent>` . 

.. note::

    If you use PuTTY to login, highlighting the URL with your mouse/cursor will copy 
    it to your clipboard, and make it ready to paste into your browser.

>     Therefore, do not use the Ctrl+C combination on your keyborad, or it will cancel 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Therefore, do not use the Ctrl+C combination on your keyboard, or it will cancel 
```

identity verification you did when following the firewall link. This way, you
will only be asked to verify your identity once. Of course this certificate
does not live forever. When using the built-in ssh-agent of Linux and Mac this
will be as long as your agent lives. 

Authentication with an agent on Windows
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For Windows users, the recommended agent is Pageant which is automatically installed
together with PuTTY. Make sure you install version 0.78 or later.

Pageant stores the certificates together with your private SSH keys, which allows you
to use VSC facilities whenever you are prompted for your identity.
To setup your Pageant, please refer to :ref:`Using Pageant<using Pageant>`.

Authentication with an agent on Linux/Mac/WSL
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For Linux, Mac, and WSL you can use the built-in ssh agent, by following these 
> instructions to configure it correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux, Mac, and WSL you can use the SSH agent included in the OpenSSH package
by following these instructions to configure it correctly.
```
